[DOCS] Adds information about elastic-esql gem (#2726)
elastic/elasticsearch-ruby: docs/reference/esql.md

{"duration_ms"=>8.3, "message"=>"Connection error", "event.duration"=>"8268153", "client.ip"=>#<IPAddr: IPv4:172.21.3.15/255.255.255.255>, "@timestamp"=>#<DateTime: 2023-10-23T13:52:55+00:00 ((2460241j,49975s,15000000n),+0s,2299161j)>}
```

## ES|QL Query Builder [esql-ruby]

The [`elastic-esql`](https://github.com/elastic/esql-ruby) gem helps you build queries for use with the [ES|QL query API](docs-content://explore-analyze/query-filter/languages/esql-rest.md). Here's an example:

```ruby
query = Elastic::ESQL.from('sample')
                     .sort('@timestamp')
                     .desc
                     .where('event_duration > 5000000')
                     .limit(3)
```

You can see the generated query with `.to_s`:

```ruby
query.to_s
=> "FROM sample | SORT @timestamp DESC | WHERE event_duration > 5000000 | LIMIT 3"
```

> The `elastic-esql` library works independently of the {{es}} client, so you can use it alongside any client &mdash; not just `elasticsearch-ruby` .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `elastic-esql` library works independently of the {{es}} client, so you can use it alongside any client &mdash; not just `elasticsearch-ruby`.
```

Reviewer: (just deleting the extra space)

{"duration_ms"=>8.3, "message"=>"Connection error", "event.duration"=>"8268153", "client.ip"=>#<IPAddr: IPv4:172.21.3.15/255.255.255.255>, "@timestamp"=>#<DateTime: 2023-10-23T13:52:55+00:00 ((2460241j,49975s,15000000n),+0s,2299161j)>}
```

## ES|QL Query Builder [esql-ruby]

> The [elastic-esql](https://github.com/elastic/esql-ruby) gem allows you to build ES|QL queries to use with Elastic's ES|QL `query` API. The library doesn't depend on an Elasticsearch client - its sole purpose is to facilitate building ES|QL queries in Ruby. This makes it possible to use it with any Elasticsearch client.
> 
> It allows you to build queries in Ruby like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`elastic-esql`](https://github.com/elastic/esql-ruby) gem helps you build queries for use with the [ES|QL query API](docs-content://explore-analyze/query-filter/languages/esql-rest.md). Here's an example:
```

Reviewer: I suggest moving the client-agnostic note to the end (see my comment at line 133)

```ruby
query = Elastic::ESQL.from('sample')
                     .sort('@timestamp')
                     .desc
                     .where('event_duration > 5000000')
                     .limit(3)
```

You can see the generated query with `.to_s`:

```ruby
query.to_s
=> "FROM sample | SORT @timestamp DESC | WHERE event_duration > 5000000 | LIMIT 3"
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The `elastic-esql` library works independently of the {{es}} client, so you can use it alongside any client &mdash; not just Ruby.
```

Reviewer: moved from line 114 and rephrased -- but let me know if I inadvertently changed the meaning or emphasis

> See [the README](https://github.com/elastic/esql-ruby?tab=readme-ov-file#ruby-esql-query-builder) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see the gem [README](https://github.com/elastic/esql-ruby?tab=readme-ov-file#ruby-esql-query-builder).
```
